Update getting started to note about Windows (#869)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-5.x/getting-started.md

> Note: You might get warnings related to peer dependencies after installation. They are usually caused by incorrect version ranges specified in some packages. You can safely ignore most warnings as long as your app builds.

> > Note: If using this project with [react-native-windows](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows), omit`react-native-gesture-handler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If using this project with [react-native-windows](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows), omit `react-native-gesture-handler`.
```

import 'react-native-gesture-handler';
```

> > Note: Unless you are using react-native-windows, do not skip this step as your app may crash in production even if it works fine in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are building for Android or iOS, do not skip this step, or your app may crash in production even if it works fine in development. This is not applicable to other platforms.
```
